.TH WALGO 1 "December 2024" "walgo 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
walgo \- Hugo & Walrus Sites Integration CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B walgo
[\fIOPTION\fR]... [\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIARGS\fR]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B walgo
provides a seamless bridge for Hugo users to build and deploy static sites to the Walrus decentralized storage protocol.

Key Features:
.IP \(bu 2
Initialize Hugo sites pre-configured for Walrus deployment
.IP \(bu 2
Build and serve Hugo sites locally
.IP \(bu 2
Deploy sites to Walrus decentralized storage
.IP \(bu 2
Import content from Obsidian vaults
.IP \(bu 2
Manage SuiNS domains for your sites
.IP \(bu 2
Update existing sites efficiently

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-config \fIstring\fR
config file (default is $HOME/.walgo.yaml or ./walgo.yaml)
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
help for walgo
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-toggle
Help message for toggle

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B build
Build the Hugo site.
.TP
.B completion
Generate the autocompletion script for the specified shell
.TP
.B convert \fIobject-id\fR
Convert a Walrus Site object ID from hex to Base36 format.
.TP
.B deploy
Deploy your Hugo site to Walrus Sites.
.TP
.B domain [\fIdomain-name\fR]
Get instructions for configuring SuiNS domain for your Walrus Site.
.TP
.B help [\fIcommand\fR]
Help about any command
.TP
.B import \fIobsidian-vault-path\fR
Import content from an Obsidian vault.
.TP
.B init \fIsite-name\fR
Initialize a new Hugo site with Walrus Sites configuration.
.TP
.B new \fIcontent-type/slug\fR
Create new content in your Hugo site.
.TP
.B optimize
Optimize HTML, CSS, and JavaScript files for better performance.
.TP
.B serve
Serve the Hugo site locally using Hugo's built-in server.
.TP
.B setup [\fInetwork\fR]
Set up site-builder configuration for Walrus Sites.
.TP
.B status [\fIobject-id\fR]
Check the status and resources of a Walrus Site.
.TP
.B update [\fIobject-id\fR]
Update an existing Walrus Site with new content.

.SH QUICK START
.nf
walgo init my-site      # Create a new Hugo site configured for Walrus
cd my-site             # Navigate to your site directory
walgo new posts/hello  # Create new content
walgo build            # Build your site
walgo serve            # Preview locally (optional)
walgo deploy           # Deploy to Walrus Sites
.fi

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Initialize a new site:
.B walgo init myblog
.TP
Create a blog post:
.B walgo new posts/welcome.md
.TP
Build the site:
.B walgo build
.TP
Deploy for 5 epochs:
.B walgo deploy --epochs 5
.TP
Check site status:
.B walgo status
.TP
Configure domain:
.B walgo domain mydomain
.TP
Import Obsidian vault:
.B walgo import /path/to/vault

.SH FILES
.TP
.I walgo.yaml
Main configuration file for Walgo projects
.TP
.I hugo.toml
Hugo configuration file
.TP
.I ~/.config/walrus/sites-config.yaml
Walrus Sites configuration file

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B WALGO_DEBUG
Set to 1 to enable debug output

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR hugo (1),
.BR site-builder (1)

.SH AUTHOR
Walgo Contributors

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to: https://github.com/selimozten/walgo/issues

.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 